docs(terminus): added warning for Http Health Indicator (#2044)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/recipes/terminus.md

}
```

> > warning **Warning** To use the `HttpHealthIndicator` requires the installation of `@nestjs/axios` and the import of `HttpModule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning **Warning** `HttpHealthIndicator` requires the installation of the `@nestjs/axios` package and the import of `HttpModule`.
```
